hey my name is Lindsay and today I'm
gonna show you how to operate the smart
board the first thing you want to do is
turn your power button home actually I
already have my home but your power
button is right here and it's usually a
tannish orange color and when you touch
it one time it will turn gray
it should recognize text and Harnam in
change and computer former you can also
clone that so if you wanted the word
text more than once
all right and then to work with objects
you would come over here to your objects
but it on your Cold War
and this helps water the different
shapes and math and stuff for like
kindergartners you've also got all
different kinds of tech animation I'm
going to do the arts and I'm going to
some music
if you click here your clipboard it'll
bring it up now to have that object make
sure
you